What is the most important thing you have in the galaxy
Food or water ....
No
Internet
I know you will want to know what my position is with the Internet
Now I still do not have any Internet
So the wonderful people in the Oregon PC
They heard my voice ... They heard my voice to help
And MUDO to the hand of help
I would like to send the origin cronos (computer)
Now I can move my equipment to a place with good internet
Now the origin cronos are really good
It 's the same size as Sony
Look at this ... and this beast
The 4K technology is spoken
Let's be serious here. What is the most important thing after the Internet
Computer
Now it's likely that it will not take me 100 hours to upload a video
Thank you (origin pc) I appreciate you
But Felix (his real name) What do I mean?
Oh ... I am I am I am here again
Okay OK okay
I'll make Jeff Oway for one ... okay?
Just look at the link in the description
The rules are simple .. just follow all the rules
It is likely that you will use one like me
In the meantime, origin will also be sent to the origin millennium. Oh, he is a monster
They told me they could put a special painting on it
Tell me in the comments what type of painting they should give me
The comment that wins the highest number of votes will win
Also Geoff Awai all over the world so anyone can subscribe from anywhere in the world
I really advise you to have a look at (originPC.com)
You can play and design your own computer ... They are equipped with life support ...
You buy this computer to accompany you throughout your life
If you do not know what originals are ... Basically they are three managers from Alienware so they have tons of experiences to build awesome computers (Fajr Fashk)
And I am really proud to have them as a sponsor of the channel ....
Now let's go to the video
Oh God .. I think we will play more
I do not care if I fell the last time .. because this game is easy
Stop ... stop ... we are close to the beginning of the game Do you bend!
How far have you fallen?
I have come back to the beginning
I'm back to the beginning ... Are you serious!
Oh my God .. I have to do everything again
you know what ! It does not matter do you know why? Because I got strong movements now, my son
No I care anymore!
This is the easiest game ....
View Profile
I have tried so far
Hehe
I thought I would fall!
Did you do !
How should I go up there, yell?
I have a problem
Just do what I did the first time Felix (his real name) ... but hey
I know what to do
Disadvantage .. No you can use the Ripper style
You are shaking your head, yell
No
I want you to die
I want you to die!
Yes, I'm fine ... I do not know ...
If he was too zeky, why did he die?
I started thinking I would die a terrible death
Can this music relax?
Oooh ...
Well look at this guys
Ooooh ... yes he did
lhave. Shut up
look at this
I've come back (oh baby) xD
The Ripper Style
Well done, he shouted
Oh my God
Yeah..
Drag, yell
Drag .. like the (say any hippocampus to a member)
I will not call this game
Well, it will not happen
Yes, you are right
You have made me die a million times ... I will return for another million (my love XD)
This is a tricky phase ... You need a lot of energy. You need a lot of strength. You need more skill
You need a lot of Christian YouTube channels .... Thank you I came back!
Hoop Hoop O Polo XD product
I mean, we are a friendly family channel
A young Swedish fish ...
HOPE hop hop xD
Hop Hop Hop
Almost a language
Oh no no
We do not want to do this (but Italian)
This game is very easy .. I eat this game for breakfast
Well ... hai hai
Hai Hai Hai ...
See to see ... I'm just a man stuck in a pot
Only a Swedish man stuck in a pot!
Hey, look at this, boy, I did it
Well ... almost we ... almost us
To where we were before .... What do you think about this
This is a tricky stage because you need a lot of interior
Sashahah :) just you joking i've cheated you
Well, we're back ... is that true? 10 minutes (wicked laugh)
This game depends on luck ... this game is XD
This game depends on luck ... my grandmother
She would love this game
Saying the words of Sheikh Malouche Fayda any need in the world
Well okay this
Oh really! You will put me down
Oh really!
Really! You will!
There is nothing wrong
Screw you :))))))
I will report this to ... LAA LAAAA
Come on
Oh my God
Hahahah
Well gentleman master skier
Well, Mr. Skier
Hello Mr Surfer How are you Hey!
Do not listen
I've been hurt a lot of times
Hello Mr Ball
I mind if Kurtlk asked
Oh, Lord ... what does this child do in hell? Can I relate to this .... Oh, he is an illusion
He's an illusion you guys are an illusion
It's unbelievable what they can do ... ohhhhh ... well I'll just rest here
right Now
Am I supposed to jump to this side?
I feel that this is what is happening here
Oh that's fun. This is fun .... I love slipping
First, you, little child
Because you try to kill me ... Second
Goodbye
Well ... Now where do I go?
Supernatural movement
Oahu Hoop Hop - Hop
* The same intermittent anxiety signifies * xD
Okay
Oh I hate this
I'm not so sad
I'm just crazy
I'm just upset
Oh, yeh!
Lai
Relax ... Relax .. Relax
You are a fool ... you are doing well
I'm doing well .. no problem
Stop
Just do not fall across the hole and Felix will be okay
You'll be okay ... Hi, look at me
I think my sight was suspended
Ohh oh oh god i hung up
Oh no
Well I'm fine ... You're supposed to be my friend, hammer!
Do not stand with me, old man
What do you do !
focus!
Oh, O God!
Oh my God
Stop doing this Felix stopped
Water slide is very annoying
This was smooth
This was as smooth as a balloon
F. Felix Do you speak English with this language?
Hahahaha
(Mexican woman)
This
Horrible
This is really exciting because it looks nice
We are forced to go down ... all the surprise
Because it is not a recurring thing in this game .. Oh God
Well ok and now we just will
Oh my God
Adjust yourself, man, adjust yourself
Adjust yourself
We did it, you guys. Oh, that was easy
O God .. what was difficult? !!
Now I will do it
It's a bad idea ... but if you were a coward
Like me
You will know the real power
There is nothing wrong with it
.. I am Bkhayer .. I am shy
I'm fine I'm fine I'm fine
Listen Listen I've almost gone back
I almost went back to where I was
No you will not ... oh Hassanna
This kills me every time
No do not fall down we discussed it
No stops
If that were difficult
So how did you get back to work?
As strong as possible
Hey? Explain this
*Best*